#summary Definition and description of Subversion Version Tracking System
#labels Featured,Phase-Support

= Introduction =

[http://subversion.apache.org/ Subversion] is an open source version control system - a tracking system for programming code. It is used by !WordPress and other software and programming companies to track bug reports, issues, improvements, and changes to code, and maintain a historical record of development.

Subversion (SVN) is open source and distributed as free software under Apache's license, the web server folks. 

There are a variety of third-party applications that layer themselves over SVN to improve access and add additional features.

This [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_Subversion Wikipedia article] explains the history and development of Subversion. 

== Why are we using Subversion? ==

!WordPress uses Subversion as the underlying version tracking database for their [https://core.trac.wordpress.org/ WordPress Trac] system, tracking changes to !WordPress core. It is also used by other !WordPress code projects and many !WordPress Plugin authors, and a few programmers and developers working on !WordPress Themes. 

It is also used by many companies to track web programming and development projects.

We are using the free hosted version of Subversion on Google Code Project Hosting to introduce you to the most basic of SVN commands and functions. 

ClarkWP is an ongoing project, moving from quarter to quarter. We need a way of tracking the progress and accomplishments of the student-run magazine. 

While there are better options for this, by using the basic Issues tracking and status functionality of Subversion, the student is introduced to a tool they will likely use in future classes as well as within the work environment. 

In general, we are using Subversion as a great task list, understating the power in its simple layout.

Google Code Project Hosting also includes a Wiki, and you are reading a page in it. Throughout the course there may be times students will be asked to write up tutorials and guides for working with ClarkWP and ClarkWP SVN. 

The [http://codex.wordpress.org WordPress Codex] is a wiki. Contributors to the Codex are required to learn how to write wiki-markup. Many developers and programmers place support documentation on wikis for clients and the public.

This is all a good introduction and good practice for the real world, as simple as we can make it. 